Some humble suggestions to wording. (#1)
jeppes/oops: README.md

> ES6 brought the all too familiar "class" syntax to the world of Javascript. About time! Right??

Author: ```suggestion
ES6 brought the all too familiar "class" syntax to the world of Javascript. It's about time, eh?
```

🇨🇦

Maybe not. Let's revisit the ideas behind object-oriented programming (OOP) through a slightly different lens.

---

We'll start with a simple function that just returns the argument passed in to it. Let's call it `identity`.

```javascript
const identity = a => a

print(identity(1)) // prints: 1
```

> Let's re-write `identity` slightly to delay its execution. We'll return a function instead of a value:

Author: Do we need to know why we want to delay its execution? Why do we want to return a function instead of a value?

Reviewer: Will clarify later!

```javascript

> const deferredIdentity = a => () => a

Author: Small questions:
- Line 37: What is `destructuring`?
- Line 38: Why do we need to remember the order?

Reviewer: Destructuring is a language-level feature in Javascript. I should perhaps clarify it, but I'm leaning towards removing this section all together
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Destructuring_assignment

print(ten.minus(5))   // prints: 5
```

> Progress! :tada:

Author: Emojis are great. Apologies if you're not an emoji person.

It _almost_ looks like using an object in OOP, but there's really no reason that we *have* to return our functions right away. If we give them some breathing room, we might just open up the ability for them to collaborate.

> Let's try building a little machine that knows how to count by putting a variable in said breathing room that our functions can access:

Author: I find "...by putting a variable in said breathing room that our functions can access" a bit wordy for some reason.

print(counter.count()) // prints: 1
```

Now we support state! Truly private state too!

Note that there is no way to access the `sharedState` variable directly. It can only be manipulated by calling `increment` and `decrement` - no special keywords or syntax required.

> If our functions can share private variables, surely they can share functions too. Let's try it out by building a slightly louder counter that will make it very clear what it's up to:

Author: Slightly "louder"? What does that mean?

Reviewer: I'll rewrite this part

> 

Author: Could add a final concise sentence or summary here before the line-break that summarizes everything that the code does now?

Reviewer: Yes, good idea!

---

> The point of all this is not that you should build your programs in this way. The point is to show that we can decompose the ideas behind OOP into fundamentally simpler units: functions, variables, and maps.

Author: I feel that the wording could be a bit different here - how about something like this?

> Why would we build programs this way? It's because we can ...

Reviewer: Yes, a colon and an oxford comma are much more apt here!
